---
layout: post
title: ex2D Is Back! 
category: posts
type: text
---

# ex2D Is Back!

It's been a really long time since the last ex2D update. First of all we want to appologize for the lack of 
updates during this period. After ex2D 1.2.7 released, we hit multiple obstacles in fixing ex2D's biggest issues
 like team collaboration oriented asset management and confusing layer management. We can't find a good solution
 by continuing the ex2D 1.X framework. 

Besides the technical issues, we also hit a very busy stage in life (full time job, moving and love :p ) that didn't
 allow us much time to share love with ex2D. We are very very sorry if you feel that the project is discontinued and
 you didn't get the support you've counted on. 
 
To make it up to all ex2D users and supporters, we __quit our full time jobs__
 to be full time ex2D developers. We are also looking forward to open our mobile game development studio soon. More importantly,
 the new __ex2D 2.0__ is comming up now!

## The Brand New ex2D 2.0

__ex2D 2.0 is revolutionary__: not only it solved the historical issues perfectly, but also we break the limit of traditional
 sprite rendering method in Unity and improved the rendering performance drastically; implemented a 2D Scene Editor fully customized
 for 2D sprite editing; reworked the layer system to
 let it handle sprite object arrangement, batching and rendering order all in a intuitive way.

ex2D 2.0 is now on Free Beta! Get the package and give it a try from [HERE][3]! We will be doing the final tweaks according to
 the Beta test before we put it up to Asset Store, hopefully in early September.

Read the [Home Page][1] to learn ex2D 2.0 features if you haven't already. Checkout the [Contact Page][2] if you have feedback.

Enjoy!

[1]: http://ex-dev.com/ex2d 
[2]: {{ site.baseurl }}/contact/
[3]: {{ site.baseurl }}/ex2d-2-beta/


